= tweaks

* Author : http://www.buzzware.com.au

== DESCRIPTION:

Tweaks are like tiny gems. In a single file you declare its name, whether 
it is normally enabled or disabled, and implement it. Then you provide the configuration
for all enabled tweaks in a file eg. in the Rails initializers folder.

What Tweaks does for you

Tweaks provides a minimal framework for implementing, configuring and distributing those 
little pieces of code you develop and collect through developing multiple rails projects.
A tweak can be developed in the context of a Rails project with minimal friction. When the 
project is delivered (and the pressure is off) you can move the tweak into its own gem or 
copy it to the next Rails project (if you must - not recommended)

Why bother ?

* to be DRY
* to make those little hacks easily develops during a project, then easily extractable from it for wider use
* to share with others

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* untested with Rails 3

== REQUIREMENTS:

* tested on MacOS and Linux

== INSTALL:

 sudo gem install tweaks

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 (at Rails Camp Perth, Australia) by Gary McGhee, Buzzware Solutions

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

